README.md, before:

# Licon

## Overview

**Licon** is a simple, useful and lightness pack—icon that made with Pure CSS3 by [Siamak Mokhtari](http://twitter.com/sia_mac) at [FictionTeam](http://twitter.com/fictionteam) in [Tehran, Iran](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tehran). It has both [SASS](https://github.com/siamakmokhtari/licon/blob/master/licon.scss) and [LESS](https://github.com/siamakmokhtari/licon/blob/master/licon.less) versions so it can easily be modified and merged into modern projects. It provides all the useful icons for good design without adding any images or fonts. Also you can add effects of Animate.css on Licon. I hope that it's useful for your projects.

## Install
You can install Licon with [Bower](http://bower.io) and include to your projects:

Bower:
```
bower install licon
```

## Syntax

You should set `licon.sass` with your projects and compile it. include `licon.css` file into your projects:

```html
<link href="styles/licon.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
```

## Usage 

Then You add `.licon-*` in HTML files. Also you can see licon's icons:

* `i.licon-disc`
* `i.licon-reorder`
* `i.licon-lock`
* `i.licon-bag`
* `i.licon-mug`
* `i.licon-iphone`
* `i.licon-finder`
* `i.licon-trash`
* `i.licon-macbook`
* `i.licon-dollar`
* `i.licon-pound`
* `i.licon-euro`
* `i.licon-yen`
* `i.licon-check`
* `i.licon-remove`
* `i.licon-plus`
* `i.licon-magnifier`
* `i.licon-info`
* `i.licon-mail`
* `i.licon-link`
* `i.licon-tv`
* `i.licon-clock`
* `i.licon-user`
* `i.licon-book`
* `i.licon-paper`
* `i.licon-arrowup`
* `i.licon-arrowdown`
* `i.licon-arrowleft`
* `i.licon-arrowright`
* `i.licon-battery`
* `i.licon-sun`
* `i.licon-certificate`
* `i.licon-imac`
* `i.licon-power`
* `i.licon-heart`
* `i.licon-infinity`
* `i.licon-flag`
* `i.licon-file`
* `i.licon-folder`
* `i.licon-pin`
* `i.licon-smile`
* `i.licon-eye`
* `i.licon-sliders`
* `i.licon-share`
* `i.licon-sync`
* `i.licon-reset`

### License

Created by Siamak Mokhtari — June, 2014.

Licensed under [MIT](https://github.com/siamakmokhtari/licon/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Added NPM version, Download and Package Quality

README.md, after:

# Licon

[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/licon.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/licon) 
[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/licon.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/licon)
[![Package Quality](http://npm.packagequality.com/shield/licon.svg)](http://packagequality.com/#?package=licon)

## Overview
[<img src="http://npm.packagequality.com/badge/licon.png" align="right"/>](http://packagequality.com/#?package=licon)

**Licon** is a simple, useful and lightness pack—icon that made with Pure CSS3 by [Siamak Mokhtari](http://twitter.com/sia_mac) at [FictionTeam](http://twitter.com/fictionteam) in [Tehran, Iran](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tehran). It has both [SCSS](https://github.com/siamakmokhtari/licon/blob/master/licon.scss) and [LESS](https://github.com/siamakmokhtari/licon/blob/master/licon.less) versions so it can easily be modified and merged into modern projects. It provides all the useful icons for good design without adding any images or fonts. Also you can add effects of Animate.css on Licon. I hope that it's useful for your projects.

## Install
You can install Licon with [Bower](http://bower.io) and include to your projects:

Bower:
```
bower install licon
```

## Syntax

You should set `licon.scss` || `licon.less` with your projects and compile it. include `licon.css` file into your projects:

```html
<link href="styles/licon.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
```

## Usage 

Then You add `.licon-*` in HTML files. Also you can see licon's icons:

* `i.licon-disc`
* `i.licon-reorder`
* `i.licon-lock`
* `i.licon-bag`
* `i.licon-mug`
* `i.licon-iphone`
* `i.licon-finder`
* `i.licon-trash`
* `i.licon-macbook`
* `i.licon-dollar`
* `i.licon-pound`
* `i.licon-euro`
* `i.licon-yen`
* `i.licon-check`
* `i.licon-remove`
* `i.licon-plus`
* `i.licon-magnifier`
* `i.licon-info`
* `i.licon-mail`
* `i.licon-link`
* `i.licon-tv`
* `i.licon-clock`
* `i.licon-user`
* `i.licon-book`
* `i.licon-paper`
* `i.licon-arrowup`
* `i.licon-arrowdown`
* `i.licon-arrowleft`
* `i.licon-arrowright`
* `i.licon-battery`
* `i.licon-sun`
* `i.licon-certificate`
* `i.licon-imac`
* `i.licon-power`
* `i.licon-heart`
* `i.licon-infinity`
* `i.licon-flag`
* `i.licon-file`
* `i.licon-folder`
* `i.licon-pin`
* `i.licon-smile`
* `i.licon-eye`
* `i.licon-sliders`
* `i.licon-share`
* `i.licon-sync`
* `i.licon-reset`

### License

Created by Siamak Mokhtari — June, 2014.

Licensed under [MIT](https://github.com/siamakmokhtari/licon/blob/master/LICENSE).
